In the Northeastern University (NEU) surface defect database, six kinds of typical surface defects of the hot-rolled steel strip are collected, i.e., rolled-in scale (RS), patches (Pa), crazing (Cr), pitted surface (PS), inclusion (In) and scratches (Sc). The database includes 1,800 grayscale images: 300 samples each of six different kinds of typical surface defects.

Fig. 1 shows the sample images of six kinds of typical surface defects, the original resolution of each image is 200×200 pixels. From Fig. 1, we can clearly observe that the intra-class defects existing large differences in appearance, for instance, the scratches (the last column) may be horizontal scratch, vertical scratch, and slanting scratch, etc. Meanwhile the inter-class defects have similar aspects, e.g., rolled-in scale, crazing, and pitted surface. In addition, due to the influence of the illumination and material changes, the grayscale of the intra-class defect images is varied. In short, the NEU surface defect database includes two difficult challenges, i.e., the intra-class defects existing large differences in appearance while the inter-class defects have similar aspects, the defect images suffer from the influence of illumination and material changes.

For defect detection task, we provided annotations which indicate the class and location of a defect in each image. We have carefully clicked annotations of each target in these images. Fig. 2 shows some examples of detection results on NEU-DET. For each defect, the yellow box is the bounding box indicating its location and the green label is the class score.

If you are using the NEU surface defect database for defect classification task, you only need to download the image-only file, called NEU-CLS.

If you are using the NEU surface defect database for defect detection task, you need to download the image-with-annotations file, called NEU-DET.

Citation:    
We would appreciate it if you cite our works when using the database:

Yanqi Bao, Kechen Song, Jie Liu, Yanyan Wang, Yunhui Yan, Han Yu, Xingjie Li, “Triplet- Graph Reasoning Network for Few-shot Metal Generic Surface Defect Segmentation,” IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measuremente,  2021.(https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9440451)

K. Song and Y. Yan, “A noise robust method based on completed local binary patterns for hot-rolled steel strip surface defects,” Applied Surface Science, vol. 285, pp. 858-864, Nov. 2013.(http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0169433213016437)

Yu He, Kechen Song, Qinggang Meng, Yunhui Yan, “An End-to-end Steel Surface Defect Detection Approach via Fusing Multiple Hierarchical Features,” IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measuremente,  2020,69(4),1493-1504.(https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8709818)

home page: http://faculty.neu.edu.cn/songkechen/zh_CN/zdylm/263270/list/